just pedrito thought more about going to look
the return of giving the pass to messi
for that reason although it was of few meters
a Macherano error was very imprecise and
attention that now I dance there for the
First
[Applause]
I take the pipe back
mache error takes advantage of clean box
for higuaín that marks the first the
match starts at white Madrid 1
barça to 0 was wrong, the mare went to
look inside like it 's not there anymore
it stops being striking to see a goal from
this bill in a match of this level
with those who are perhaps the two best
computers of the world incredible error of
mascherano higuaín puts it between the
Víctor Valdés legs and show what
well that season started for
gonzalo higuaín one goal per game
played as a starter 1 in each of the
two presentations of madrid in the
local competition and now taking advantage
the rude error of mascherano go
gift of one hundred hundred parties with the
good barca maybe the biggest mistake
of Mascherano with the Blaugrana shirt
[Applause]
play messi you have to mess a little more
in the iniesta party
[Applause]
khedira that raises although well that the
did Christian go for the second this
ronaldo is worth for the second has
ronaldo time
[Applause]
the Christian looks that he did it had
just in time the Madrid
puts 2 to 0 above is irrepressible the
white set every error and the barça what
pay expensive 20 the devastating story
beginnings of Real Madrid and surely
if the team of mourinho stays with
this supercopa we will always remember the
taquito de cristiano ronaldo piqué that
he takes the bet and Christian ball
who takes advantage takes it with him is
all mine is left behind and yet
then the power of the shot can not
be content by víctor valdés look
the detail the ball hits the hand of
Víctor Valdés support and does not allow
this to repel rejected on the line but
maybe the Catalan would have taken it out
after the gesture of a Christian forever
I did it I started with all the real
madrid and the individualities are
marking the clear difference an error of
Rude mascherano a mistake not so
important but error
end of pi that allow realmadrid
be 2 to 0 in less than 20 minutes on
argentino accommodating he had already been to
side
the indications of iker boxes
also the odd goal and made mention
to squares are 14 after 19 matches 4 in
barrier 2 on the side
I saw with right the flea with a left
the center of the bow iker squares is
ends the first time wins the Madrid 20
there goes to the Argentine messi
Hi I am
[Applause]
like the waves or the flea discounts the
world's best messi free throw
when the first time ends now
madrid 2 barcelona 1
again months when what I blow
note another the monster write another one to
21st century best footballer against
best archer in the world that I do not know
did any 35 meters supposedly
for xavi's right leg I told him
is going to hit messi because knowing him
to Rosario with the anger with the
calentura who should have the
he pulled out he was hung from an angle
spectacular all the movement the
execution ending the legs
where he put it fabulous of leo messi for
put the 1-2 to see is impossible to know
what will happen in this game but the
barça never see me dead said
It gives the feeling that something is going to generate
because he had recovered emotionally
and this for the club is decisive
ronaldo goes to the rescue ronaldo against
everyone
[Applause]
now broke the 7 that had a good
match
Mascherano that the long app that the
sends out and celebrates the stands
the victory will be merengue the supercopa
the good by title of the season for the
mourinho team
what life is going to end the game is
will end more real Madrid stays with
the Spanish supercopa and one was against the
barcelona 2-1 with goals of higuaín the
Cristiano Ronaldo Messi from free kick
discount for the Catalans the celebration
the celebration is all white
[Applause]
in the end
the madrid is the champion taking in
It considers what happened in 180 minutes
can talk about justice a barcelona
turned off in the first part that was
maintained by Victor Vctor and by the
Messi's genius is true the team
culé had to deal with the expulsion of
adriano but they are circumstances of
game was from madrid who had that
expulsion in addition its correct
the Christian view ronaldo all his
joy the quarrel of messi that without playing
a great match almost almost alone
before the soccer absences of xavi
Iniesta and Busquets disappeared as
over the 90 minutes I say almost almost
alone messi
come to the story because if that
ball would have entered
another would be the singing there is the image
disconsolate of the number 10 good not
start the cycle in the best way
vilanova but it's the madrid that
won nothing more and nothing less
[Applause]